obs_impact_tool documentation improvements (#655)
NCAR/DART: assimilation_code/programs/obs_impact_tool/obs_impact_tool.rst

   | debug           | logical            | If true print out debugging info.                                           |
   +-----------------+--------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

|

Filter Use
--------

> To use the ``obs_impact_tool`` code during the filter, the following namelist options are required because ``obs_impact_tool`` is used to create the ``control_impact_runtime.txt`` file as specified above.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the output file from the ``obs_impact_tool`` during the run of filter, the following namelist options are required because ``obs_impact_tool`` is used to create the ``control_impact_runtime.txt`` file as specified above.   
```
